Updating the Simorgh tech overview (#2660)
bbc/simorgh: docs/Simorgh-Overview.md

Each render is passed through a set of HOC's to enhance the page, these HOC's are;

- withContexts
- withPageWrapper
- withLoading
- withError
- withData

### withContexts

> The withContexts HOC is a wrpper that provdies access to the differt context providers avaiable in the application. Any child component inside of these context providers has access to the context data via the useContexts hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The withContexts HOC is a wrapper that provides access to the different context providers available in the application. Any child component inside of these context providers has access to the context data via the useContexts hook.
```
